README.md, before:

# Steamy Cats
A Steam Game Category Sorter Written in Bash. This script will output the user tags, review score, release year, store flags, [Proton DB](https://www.protondb.com/) scores, and if a game is Linux native to a new Steam Configuration file.

Run the script and select a user. You may also run with --help to see more options.

Requires jq, Steam, and other common utilities to be installed. This script assumes Steam is located in the ~/.local/share/ folder and has not been setup with Flatpaks, yet.
## Help Output
```
Steamy Cats is a script to categorize and organize Steam games
	Options include:
	--debug : Turn on lots of things to exit on error and show commands being ran
	  You should also consider --sequential with --debug for more meaningful output
	--sequential : Runs commands one at a time instead of in parallel
	--profiler : Prepends timestamp and shows all commands ran
	  Intended to be redirected to file for profiling of code
	--ignore-old-categories : Gets rid of all category configuration while retaining favorites
	--clear-whole-config : Preserves nothing from old configuration
	--clean-dls : Gets rid of failed downloads and tries again
	--category-list : Returns the list of categories available
	--user : User number to execute the script with, instead of inputting after running
	  Usage: --user=$USERNUM
	--include-file : Location of the file containing a list of categories to include
	  Usage: --include-file=$FILENAME
	--exclude-file : Location of the file containing a list of categories to exclude
	  Usage: --exclude-file=$FILENAME
```
### Disclaimer
This script works on my Ubuntu 18.04 installation. I have not tested it elsewhere.

Valve and Steam are trademarks of the Valve corporation. They have not endorsed or sanctioned the creation or usage of this script of these trademarks.

Commit message:

Updated README with sample output

README.md, after:

# Steamy Cats
A Steam Game Category Sorter Written in Bash. This script will output the user tags, review score, release year, store flags, [Proton DB](https://www.protondb.com/) scores, and if a game is Linux native to a new Steam Configuration file.

Run the script and select a user. You may also run with --help to see more options.

Requires jq, Steam, and other common utilities to be installed. This script assumes Steam is located in the ~/.steam/ folder and has not been setup with Flatpaks, yet.
## Help Output
```
Steamy Cats is a script to categorize and organize Steam games
	Options include:
	--debug : Turn on lots of things to exit on error and show commands being ran
	  You should also consider --sequential with --debug for more meaningful output
	--sequential : Runs commands one at a time instead of in parallel
	--profiler : Prepends timestamp and shows all commands ran
	  Intended to be redirected to file for profiling of code
	--ignore-old-categories : Gets rid of all category configuration while retaining favorites
	--clear-whole-config : Preserves nothing from old configuration
	--clean-dls : Gets rid of failed downloads and tries again
	--category-list : Returns the list of categories available
	--user : User number to execute the script with, instead of inputting after running
	  Usage: --user=$USERNUM
	--include-file : Location of the file containing a list of categories to include
	  Usage: --include-file=$FILENAME
	--exclude-file : Location of the file containing a list of categories to exclude
	  Usage: --exclude-file=$FILENAME
```
### Disclaimer
This script works on my Ubuntu 18.04 installation. I have not tested it elsewhere.

Valve and Steam are trademarks of the Valve corporation. They have not endorsed or sanctioned the creation or usage of this script of these trademarks.
### Example Output of Successful Run
```
Command line passed user number: 2
We are using: SomeUser :: 0000
Our config file is: /home/user/.steam/steam/userdata/00/7/remote/sharedconfig.vdf
Downloading your community profile, if public, and then getting full list of games you own
Begin processing 45717 lines of configuration in /home/user/.steam/steam/userdata/00/7/remote/sharedconfig.vdf
Gathering the list of files to download from Steam now!
Downloading files for these game IDs: 

Downloads complete for the Steam Store User Readable Page.
Gathering the list of files to download from Steam now!
Downloading files for these game IDs: 

Downloads complete for the Steam Store API.
Most recent ProtonDB file appears to be: ./reports_jan1_2019.tar.gz
Adding new category tags to the games!
Creating final configuration
New config written. To apply, run the below command:
cp /var/tmp/newconfig.vdf /home/user/.steam/steam/userdata/00/7/remote/sharedconfig.vdf
```
